1a) User-level, single-threaded, single CPU
This is valid. Disabling interrupts will ensure that the program will not be interrupted
with an *avoidable* signal, thus preventing the signal handler from potentially 
overwriting critical areas in memory in parallel with the original process. Furthermore,
since this program has only a single thread and a single CPU, no external programs
will interfere with the critical memory.

1b) User-level, multi-threaded, single CPU
Blocking signals and interrupts (ASK ABOUT DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THEM) won't be 
effective. Although we avoid the problem of a signal handler within the original
process (1a), multiple independent can share a memory region where values can be
overwritten even though interrupts and signals are being blocked because those
values don't necessarily need to be altered within the handler.

1c) User-level, multi-threaded, multi-CPU
Same reasoning as above, additionally though, disabling interrupts will only affect
the processor which is responsible for the current program, it will not prevent
interrupts on other processors, meaning that values can still be modified through 
interrupts on a separate processor than the one that currently is being blocked,
as well as all the reasons detailed in (1b).

1d) kernel-level, single CPU
Similar reasoning to (1a). Masking all interrupts effectively creates the critical
region for a single core kernel as it prevents any interrupts/signals from potentially
overwritting/reading incorrect information. One counter argument would be that the 
kernel can be thought of as a "giant multi-threaded program", however, in this context
that won't be an impact because the kernel itself is in control of these processes
and will not be able to concurrently run multiple tasks at once, even though it may
give the impression of doing so.

1e) kernel-level, multi-CPU
Similar reasoning as (1c). Masking interrupts works only on the "local" core, not
the other ones that could be running. These separate processors could end up
reading/writing invalid data due to what is occurring within the critical region.
